It’s because of your incompetence that I’m here! So Weak!
A parasite like you is talking to me? Disgusting!
Don’t talk to me please, I may vomit!
Between you and trash, you didn’t worth a penny!
How about you and me swap places! Your place is here!
How can a weakling like you be the host of here!?
Wow! you belong at the trash and not here, what an eyesore 
I need to lower my standard to talk to you!? Consider yourself lucky!
Excuse me, I would like to see some ID So that I know you are the host!
I’m going to call the police because you are crossing my boundaries
ARGH!!! I’m in pain right now because a trash is talking to me
You better leave right now before I beat you up until you have faded into dust
Shut your filthy mouth, you don’t deserve my time!
What makes you think you own this place, I am the true master!
Oh my! Didn’t notice the trash talking!? How did you do that!?
~Why do you even exist in this world,why can’t you die!
Nobody likes a loser like you! Disgusting!
Get out of my sight! you stupid weak person!
It’s because of you,everyone is dead! Go to hell!
Can you just rot already like how trash does?
I really despise you. How are you even real? Go to hell I beg you.
Here doggie doggie…. Oh you are not a dog, You look like one.
You are just like the rest of the world, incompetent trash!
Everytime you take a breath, every soul dies a little…
I HATEEEE YOU!!
Go back to the womb of your mother! Oh wait, your mother is dead!
You call yourself a man, you look so weak both your mind and heart
GO BACK TO WHERE YOU COME FROM!!
I’m surprised you are still here rather than in a tomb
Because people like you that no one is happy! Go to hell!!
~Everyone hates me, HATES ME!
Don’t look at me! it's very discomforting, or else DIE!
The longer you are here with me, the more brain dead you’ll become!
No one likes hanging out with me! It’s because of you!
Everyone is having success while I’m here suffer with you
Can you pass me a knife so I can end my life or should I end yours?
Why do I need to talk to you? It’s killing me inside
Why am I talking to you…I’m so stressed out now
Everything is my fault, everyone dies because of me!
Why am I still here, why no one wants to kill me!? It must be yoU!!!
It’s because of this place that I’m condemned to suffer forever!
I really hate myself because no one would even care for me
Stop trying to talk to me!You may suffer more because of that!
Oh it’s me looking at myself right now, how pathetic I am…
Everyday I wake up thinking why such a person like me exists…
~Nothing you do will redeem yourself, You should just join us! Suffer together!
Everything around me looks so lifeless same like you
Stay here to suffer with me forever!
Let me end your suffering! So that we’ll be together forever
How come only bad things to me!? It must be your doing!!!!
You will repeats your mistakes, blood and tears are mere decoration in your eyes
Everyday I wake up, I just don’t feel like living anymore and it's thanks to you!
Has the tombstone been prepared? Can’t wait for you to join me too!
Wow your eyes are still full of life, how about you shut those eyes off!
I despise those people who always have things gone their way! 
I don’t know what I should do with my life anymore…
I should just burn this place to ashes along with you and myself
My life is nothing without my family, I should just die…
Maybe it’s time to join the dead and be happy there instead
Not a single people I met are kind, everyone just pretend to be
~Do you know how much I sacrificed to make sure you don’t die?
I am the only one left that trusts you! Don’t leave me alone here!
3:All of this is your doing, but let me help you! I can “end your suffering”
This nightmare won’t stop is because of you but I can “help you”
You can “rely” on me to fix this nightmare of yours! I’m you after all!
I pour my heart and soul to fix this and this is how you repay me?
I’m “offering” my help but all you do is not listen! You’re wasting our time.
I offer you shelter and love and you spat in my face 
In spite everything you done for the family, they will hate you, you know I’m right
Only here you will find true happiness, you can feel it? don’t you?
Why continue trying when you know you are going to fail… Just give in!
I can feel that you want to just end it right now, I can help you!
Only death can truly make you happy, why won’t you listen?
I know the guilt have been haunting you, so I think you should join them too
The people that are close with you,you know that they are faking, you know I’m right!