This is not the real world, this is my world, don’t let this monster get better on me.
Right now it's just my brain acting funny and being weird. I'm not interested.
Although it’s talking bad about me, I'm still me, come on me, don’t let it influence me.
Come on now, let’s be cool about this,  we don’t want any drama at the moment.
Nightmare happen all the time, every people encounter will be different, let’s just be normal about it
Now now, you and I are not so different, how about you drop the act and lets talk it out
So uncivilised…. How about you apologise like a human would you?
Let’s be real here, I'm the true host of here… so how about you stop doing that.
What you are doing here really is making me uncomfortable, please stop that!
Now that I have listened to you, can you do the same for me? Let’s talk 
I'm still me, come on me, don’t let it influence me
~I have faith that this will be all over soon
Im sure my prayers are heard and my enemy will disappear soon
*Kneel down and start praying in front of the enemy* Hope the enemy will be gone now
Come on me, let’s get through this together!!! I know we can!!
Remember brain this is all part of you, if they r in here, they also represent yourself, yea I GOT THIS
No matter what you say to me, I know that deep down you’re good because I am you
Hopefully once you get this thing out of your chest, you’ll be more happier
Thanks for telling me this, with this information, the both of us can improve and hopefully be better in the future
I promise what you are suffering now will be over soon!
Hopefully today how you act is just a temporary situation because it will make me sad.
I pray that whatever is happening to me won’t happen to the others
Im sure my prayers are heard and my enemy will disappear soon alongside with their negativity
~Just positive vibe here
Why am I so cool at times like this, I think I just love myself even more!!
Once I'm out here, I'm going to treat myself to something good!!
*hug myself to give myself some love*
*Imagine myself taking a hot bath and singing my favourite song*
No matter what you say, I will always love you
Come here you, let me shower some love for you
I will look after you no matter what you say! We are family!
Are you doing this for attention because My eyes are all on you now!
It doesn’t matter how terrible you feel, just remember if you are ready, take my hand!
I'm going to shower myself with LOVE AND LOVE ONLY!!!!
*hug myself to have some self love* It’s okay, it’s almost over!!!!
~Yea Im not good at all actually, this is the truth
I admit that I'm not the perfect son my family want me to be but life goes on
Yep it's a nightmare all right, let me just embrace it together
It’s just another day that my body acting weird, well I’ll get used to it
I accept that not all things are perfect and so am I
You need to accept that not all souls are perfect including yourself
The sooner you know that we are both the same people, the sooner you will be more happy in life
Acceptance is the road to all change, let’s do this together You and I.		
Don’t just blame it on me you know you need to understand we are part of the same body.
You are acting weird and you know it!! You realise we are the same right?